---
metadate: "hide"
hidden: true
---

<br>

### Education

<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2014.08  **MSc Medical Art (Distinction)** *University of Dundee, UK*
</summary>
This institution provided me with a first-hand education on human anatomy, dissection and their further applications to creating visual and plastic works of art for educational and informative purposes. 
</details>
<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2012.01  **Diploma in Animation** *VIA University College, Viborg DK*
</summary>
I learned the fundamentals of 2d and 3d animation both in digital and analog media.
</details>
<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2010.06  **Certificate in Classical Drawing** *VIA University College, Viborg, DK & Magyar Képzőművészeti Egyetem, Budapest HU*
</summary>
In this intense course I refined my draughtmanship and developed a constructive approach to drawing and painting.
</details>
<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2009.08  **BA (Hons) in Graphic Design** *Technological Educational Institute of Athens GR & Moholy-Nagy Művészeti Egyetem, Budapest HU*
</summary>
My fundamental education in all the basic aspects of traditional graphic design, from layout and typesetting to marketing and advertising, including an introduction to animation.
</details>

<br>

### Experience

<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2020.01 – present  **Freelancer**
</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2018.06 – 2019.12  **Design Lead** *8fit, Berlin DE*
</summary>
As a member of the Creative team during considerable internal restructuring I took it upon myself to ensure that the department ran smoothly and met it's objectives. I established and streamlined brand guidelines, deployed and optimized an agency-like creative framework, researched and conceptualised marketing campaigns, produced still and animated assets for multiple channels and optimised them for performance marketing.
</details>


<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2015.08 – 2018.04  **Graphics Supervisor** *Headland Archaeology, Edinburgh UK*
</summary>
I played a vital role in the department's transition to automated workflows for illustration assembly which freed up the designers' time and created capacity for handling impending large scale projects. Additional responsibilities were brand championship, visualisation and analysis of big data, typesetting and print prep for publications, illustration for advertising and publications, studio photography and photogrammetric 3D modelling of finds and remains.
</details>


<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2015.03 – 2015.08  **Clinical Photographer** *NHS Tayside, Dundee UK*
</summary>
I introduced my colleagues to automated workflows and managed to clear the department's backlog within three months of taking up the post.
In my day-to-day I was responsible to interact with patients and protecting members of vulnerable groups respectfully for studio, surgical theatre and ward photography. Additional responsibilities were database management, quality control and safekeeping of sensitive information, color correction, batch editing and printing. 
</details>


<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2014.09 – 2014.12  **Intern** *Centre for Anatomy and Human ID, Dundee UK*
</summary>
In restructuring the course I contributed feedback compiled from past years' students' experience that had an impact in designing a more streamlined syllabus. I was creating visual educational material related to anatomy and demonstrating techniques to students, providing feedback and support;
while also preparing artwork for printing and exhibition and researching 3d printing applications;
</details>


<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2007.07 – 2013.11  **Production Assistant** *Kalamata International Dance Festival, GR / Viborg Animation Festival, DK*
</summary>
I was part of a team that managed to accommodate a very ambitious staging by a world-class dance company in a venue totally lacking in any amenities without compromising the integrity of the performance. My day-to-day was supporting visiting artists throughout their daily schedule and mediating their communications with the production teams while ensuring that allocated events were being prepared for according to schedule.
</details>


<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2008.09 – 2009.09  **Animation Assistant** *‘To Horio’ SP Productions, Athens GR*
</summary>
Part of a three strong core team, we completed pre-production and principal photography for a 15' stop-motion film within a working year.
I was researching subject matter, plans and concept art, then building sets in the correct scale and planning camera movement and supplementary animation;
</details>


<details>
<summary markdown="span">
2004.01 – 2009.05  **Art Teacher** *Bleu Telia Art Workshop, Athens GR*
</summary>
My first working experience was teaching groups of children for the travelling museum exhibition "Matisse–Picasso" curated by the Centre Pompidou.
I then went on to teaching the fundamentals of expression through the elements of art to students aged 5–18 keeping students engaged and enthusiasctic for the duration of 3 hour classes.
</details>